Add support for generating dummy DeviceIDs and WindowIDs (#738)
tomaka/winit: CHANGELOG.md

- On Wayland, fix resizing and DPI calculation when a `wl_output` is removed without sending a `leave` event to the `wl_surface`, such as disconnecting a monitor from a laptop.
- On Wayland, DPI calculation is handled by smithay-client-toolkit.
- On X11, `WindowBuilder::with_min_dimensions` and `WindowBuilder::with_max_dimensions` now correctly account for DPI.

> - Added support for generating dummy DeviceIds and WindowIds to better support unit testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for generating dummy `DeviceId`s and `WindowId`s to better support unit testing.
```
